All right, so you wrote your shebang, you wrote your first comment, and now you're going to write
two lines of code that will print text to the screen in a different way.
So the first one you've already done on the command line.
So just do 'echo text
'text from an echo command', and then there's another one you can use, printf.
I'm just going to put this in quotes so I can show you something.  'text from a printf command'
Both of these commands can be used to print text to the screen, but this one works a little bit
differently.
So most of the time you're going to use echo, but I'm just showing you to so you can have them in your
repertoire.
So in the next lecture, you're going to save your file because as you notice, there's no file menu
to do File > Save as...
So I'll show you how to do that in the next lecture.